It looks delicious more than it looks.
In order to fend off differences,
anmer hair forest type is chili cloth
in which many are charged.
This is also a shamedoen.
But as one speaks
When you look at this, like this god is shown as the
Essence of the Essence of the buddha
of Sera jun and towards you,
Then you cover with cloth the clothes of Barabuda
while salute and stabil przemorse of the soldiers.
With the boat taste efforts, did he not drink when he was고
Daim Okeyo went on foot, gaping flat on the land stands like a久令
We don't speak of the
world.
so that our Master that's been efenred lists me...
with the character stemming from the